---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fleetdm_queries Data Source - fleetdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about all FleetDM queries.
---

# fleetdm_queries (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about all FleetDM queries.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get all queries
data "fleetdm_queries" "all" {}

# Output all query names
output "all_query_names" {
  value = [for query in data.fleetdm_queries.all.queries : query.name]
}

# Get queries for a specific team
data "fleetdm_queries" "team_queries" {
  team_id = fleetdm_team.workstations.id
}

# Find scheduled queries
output "scheduled_queries" {
  value = [for query in data.fleetdm_queries.all.queries : query.name if query.interval > 0]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `team_id` (Number) Filter queries by team ID. If not specified, all global queries are returned.

### Read-Only

- `queries` (Attributes List) List of queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queries))

<a id="nestedatt--queries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queries`

Read-Only:

- `author_email` (String) The email of the user who created the query.
- `author_id` (Number) The ID of the user who created the query.
- `author_name` (String) The name of the user who created the query.
- `automations_enabled` (Boolean) Whether automations are enabled.
- `description` (String) A description of the query.
- `discard_data` (Boolean) Whether to discard query results after logging.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the query.
- `interval` (Number) The scheduled query interval in seconds.
- `logging` (String) The logging type for this query.
- `min_osquery_version` (String) The minimum osquery version required.
- `name` (String) The name of the query.
- `observer_can_run` (Boolean) Whether observers can run this query.
- `platform` (List of String) List of platforms this query is compatible with (darwin, linux, windows, chrome). Empty list means all platforms.
- `query` (String) The SQL query.
- `team_id` (Number) The ID of the team this query belongs to.
